com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/ItemsGridMoreTopRatedBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.ItemsGridMoreTopRatedBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/ItemsUpComingBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.ItemsUpComingBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/ItemsPopularBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.ItemsPopularBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/BuildConfig.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.BuildConfig
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/FragmentSearchBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.FragmentSearchBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/HomeViewMovieBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.HomeViewMovieBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/FragmentMoreTopRatedBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.FragmentMoreTopRatedBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/ItemsRecomendationBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.ItemsRecomendationBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/FragmentMorePopularBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.FragmentMorePopularBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/ItemsListMoreUpComingBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.ItemsListMoreUpComingBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/ItemsSearchBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.ItemsSearchBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/ItemsSimilarBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.ItemsSimilarBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/FragmentMoreUpComingBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.FragmentMoreUpComingBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/ItemsListMorePopularBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.ItemsListMorePopularBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/ItemsTopRatedBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.ItemsTopRatedBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/ItemsNowPlayingBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.ItemsNowPlayingBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/ItemsGenreBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.ItemsGenreBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/ActivityDetailBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.ActivityDetailBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/ActivityWelcomeBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.ActivityWelcomeBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/ItemsGridMoreUpComingBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.ItemsGridMoreUpComingBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/ItemsListMoreTopRatedBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.ItemsListMoreTopRatedBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/ItemsGridMorePopularBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.ItemsGridMorePopularBinding
com/sdssoft/movieview/databinding/DropdownItemBinding.java
 com.sdssoft.movieview.databinding.DropdownItemBinding
